feat: Add support for proxy_bypass httpx (#1467)
aristanetworks/anta: docs/advanced_usages/env-vars.md

<!--
  ~ Copyright (c) 2023-2026 Arista Networks, Inc.
  ~ Use of this source code is governed by the Apache License 2.0
  ~ that can be found in the LICENSE file.
  -->

> ANTA exposes several environment variables that allow you to configure its behavior without modifying code or CLI flags. These variables are read at startup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ANTA exposes several environment variables that allow you to configure its behavior. These variables are automatically read during the initialization and preparation phases, ensuring the environment is configured correctly before any tests are executed.
```

Reviewer 2: Updated.

## Summary

> | Variable | Default | Description |

Reviewer: We can add a "Consumed By" column for API users: 
```suggestion
| Variable | Default | Consumed By | Description |
```
For `ANTA_HTTPX_TRUST_ENV` we would add `AsyncEOSDevice`.

Reviewer 2: Added new column. Thanks!

| -------- | ------- | ----------- |

> | `ANTA_HTTPX_TRUST_ENV` | `true` | Allow the HTTPX client to read proxy settings from the environment |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ANTA_HTTPX_TRUST_ENV` | `true` | Configures the `trust_env` parameter for the underlying HTTPX client. When false, HTTPX ignores environment variables for proxy and SSL settings. See the [HTTPX documentation](https://www.python-httpx.org/environment_variables/) for details. |
```

Reviewer 2: Updated

---

## `ANTA_HTTPX_TRUST_ENV`

> Controls whether the HTTPX client reads proxy configuration from the environment (e.g. `HTTP_PROXY`, `HTTPS_PROXY`). Set to `false` to disable this behavior.

Reviewer: You can remove this section. The description in the table above is enough.

Reviewer 2: Removed

```bash
export ANTA_HTTPX_TRUST_ENV=false
anta nrfu table

> ```

Reviewer: Maybe put this under an "Example Usage" section and add a small generic description. Don't forget we'll be adding more soon.

Reviewer 2: Added section. Thanks!
